## Purpose of the class coded
Within each Table_ file, there is a class that would serve as a controller for all communication between the SQL server and a specific table in said database. Said controller would have the ability to create records, read records, update records, and delete records. For classes that used pivot tables, they would also be able to attach and detach records, meaning they would be able to modify relationships with the other table they're paired with.
## Steps taken and any challenges 
Once the tables were created, we added the getter methods first so that we could see what records were in the table. We then added some basic setter methods that would allow us to add records to these tables, as well as a class that would allow us to test all of these methods to verify they worked as intended (BlakesExampleClass). It was around this time that we noticed we needed to convert integers to strings for every query, as otherwise the strings would not concatenate correctly and the query would fail. We used the str() method to do this. As we kept adding more functions and changed the tables over time, we also noticed we should've made some way to modify the tables over time easier (such as migrations), as we ended up changing the tables more times than we expected to. Thankfully the "Design" tool allowed us to implement any changes directly in the database without too many headaches, but it took a long while for us to notice that was a possibility and we ended up just rerunning the queries for all 9 tables over again whenever we needed to implement our changes.
## Functionality Capabilities
For six of our nine tables (the other three being related to the web server which we didn't end up implementing yet), we implemented CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) methods and attach / detach methods when necessary. There were a few additional methods we added that would get elements based on a provided foreign key, which allowed searching for relevant messages, athletes, and so forth much easier. An example of that would be getiing all the announcements sent by a specific coach (this would be on the MessagesCtoT table in the getMessagesForCoach method).
## How to use the functionality on the loperslamdUNK application
The application will automatically use all of the mentioned functionality in their normal operations in order to communicate with the SQL server. To use these methods, follow the directions for the other classes. All forms of interaction between the user and the controller classes will be indirect.