# Team Members and Roles
> - Alexis Bernthal: SCRUM Master
> - Blake Meyer: Security Specialist
> - Dylan Norris: Doumentation Auditor
> - Juan Garcia: Programming

> As the SCRUM Master, Alexis is responsible for organizing the project. She will be the one creating and assigning tasks in Kanban. Alexis will also be ensuring other members of the team are doing their tasks.
> For security, Blake's responible for making sure the project is secure and safe to use.
> As the auditor, Dylan's role is to collect and organize the documentation created by the other team members, as well as creating his own.
> Juan's job as the main programmer is to ensure that the final product is implemented how it's supposed to be.
> Each team member has their own responsibilities, but will all be helping each other with programming, documentation, security etc.


# The Idea
> Our idea was to construct an application for coaches to use to organize their teams. In the app the coach can make announcements to his team, schedule practices and games on a calendar, and use a randomizer for various different reasons.
> Project Idea Draft: Software Application that is catered towards a UNK athletics team. There will be three main features: First a communication feature where announcements from a coach can be pushed to athletes. Second, a randomizer. The randomizer will be helpful when creating groups or choosing a randomly selected athlete from the team. Third, a calendar and scheduler. This way athletes will be aware of what events are upcoming and happening.
